[DOCS] Inference with OpenVINO Runtime update for master (#20237)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino_workflow/openvino_intro.md

                 on different platforms.

> OpenVINO Runtime is a set of C++ libraries with C and Python bindings providing a common API to deliver inference solutions on the platform of your choice. Use the OpenVINO Runtime API to read an Intermediate Representation (IR), TensorFlow, TensorFlow Lite, ONNX, PaddlePaddle or PyTorch model and execute it on preferred devices. For PyTorch models you can either :doc:`convert them <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_PyTorch>` or use :doc:`torch.compile feature <pytorch_2_0_torch_compile>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Runtime is a set of C++ libraries with C and Python bindings providing a common API to deliver inference solutions on the platform of your choice. Use the OpenVINO Runtime API to read PyTorch, TensorFlow, TensorFlow Lite, ONNX, and PaddlePaddle models and execute them on preferred devices. OpenVINO gives you the option to use these models directly or convert them to the OpenVINO IR (Intermediate Representation) format explicitly, for maximum performance.

```

.. note::

>    For more detailed information on how to convert, read, and compile supported model formats in OpenVINO™ are available :doc:`here <Supported_Model_Formats_MO_DG>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more detailed information on how to convert, read, and compile supported model formats
   see the :doc:`Supported Formats article <Supported_Model_Formats_MO_DG>`.
   
   Note that TensorFlow models can be run using the
   :doc:`torch.compile feature <pytorch_2_0_torch_compile>`, as well as the standard ways of
   :doc:`converting TensorFlow <openvino_docs_OV_Converter_UG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_PyTorch>`
    or reading them directly.
```
